26
apple,Tasty and great for making pies! ,15.0
orange,Juicy fruit and great for making juice. İt contains vitamin C which prevent flu and cold!,16.7
grape,İt is a great midnight snack!,14.0
banana,Ripe and full of potassium for a healthy snack!,12.5
strawberry,Sweet and succulent berries. Ideal for desserts or a refreshing snack. Packed with antioxidants!,18.2
watermelon,Quench your thirst with this juicy and hydrating summer delight. Perfect for picnics!,20.0
pineapple,Tropical sweetness in every bite! Enjoy the exotic flavor and boost your immune system.,22.5
mango,Savor the tropical taste of this luscious fruit. Rich in vitamins and adds a burst of flavor to any dish! ,25.0
kiwi,Small but mighty! This vibrant green fruit is loaded with vitamin C and adds a zing to your day.,13.8
peach,A velvety and sweet stone fruit. Perfect for snacking or as a delightful addition to your favorite desserts. ,14.5
cherry,Pop these juicy gems for a burst of sweetness. Cherries are not only delicious but also high in antioxidants!,17.3
plum,Indulge in the deep and rich flavor of plums. A great source of vitamins and a tasty addition to salads. ,16.0
raspberry,Experience the bold and tangy taste of raspberries. Packed with fiber and antioxidants for a healthy treat!,19.8
carrot,Crisp and vibrant orange. These carrots are perfect for snacking or adding a splash of color to your salads.,10.2
broccoli,Nutrient-packed and versatile broccoli is a delicious addition to stir-fries or as a side dish.,14.0
spinach,Dark leafy and packed with iron spinach is a nutritional powerhouse for salads and smoothies.,12.8
bell pepper,Vibrant and crunchy bell peppers add a burst of color and flavor to your favorite dishes.,15.5
cucumber,Refreshing and hydrating cucumbers are a crisp addition to salads and make a great snack.,8.7
zucchini,Versatile and mild zucchini is perfect for sautéing grilling or adding to pasta dishes.,11.3
tomato,Juicy and ripe tomatoes are a kitchen staple for salads sandwiches and pasta sauces.,9.5
cauliflower,Mild and versatile cauliflower can be roasted mashed or used as a low-carb substitute. ,13.2
sweet potato,Sweet and nutritious. Sweet potatoes are perfect for roasting mashing or making fries.,16.0
asparagus,Tender and flavorful. Asparagus is a delicious side dish that's rich in vitamins.,18.4
melon,it is great for coctail,14.0
milk,Fresh dairy. straight from the nature.,3.0
egg,it comes from the chicken. it is great for breakfast,10.0
